OSDOCS-17072-batch2 (#101708)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-security-context-constraints-opting.adoc

.Procedure

> * To enable pod security admission label synchronization in a namespace, set the value of the `security.openshift.io/scc.podSecurityLabelSync` label to `true`. Run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To enable pod security admission label synchronization in a namespace, set the value of the `security.openshift.io/scc.podSecurityLabelSync` label to `true` by running the following command:
```
